(Yuma)
Last time on Yu-Gi-Oh! Zexal...
♪
My name is Vector.
I've come here to destroy
you and your world.
-Let's duel!
Master Key Beetle attack!
Key Blast!
♪
V Salamander Inferno!
No, I lost!
Yuma never told me he had
another Barian card.
♪
(Ray) No!
No, let him go!
Where're you taking him?!
The card will
give you a clue.
Save me, Yuma!
Ray!
♪
♪ Still together as one
'cause divided we're none ♪
♪ Ready to go,
we feel the flow ♪
♪ So don't stand in our way,
you know we ain't afraid ♪
♪ This is our time,
we're in control ♪
♪ If I trip up today
you just wipe it away ♪
♪ All of my fears
are gone, erased ♪
♪ Let us tear down the walls
'til the final night falls ♪
♪ The bonds of our souls
can't be replaced ♪
♪ Let us fight together ♪
♪ Regret it never,
our dreams will be ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪ Our light comes
shining through ♪
♪ Reach down deep,
beat defeat ♪
♪ Do all that we can do ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪ We've got nothing to lose ♪
♪ Keep breathing,
believing ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪♪
♪
Vector!
You snake!
Where'd you take him?
♪
Ray!
Kite, what are you...
Yuma.
What's wrong?
What happened here?
Ray's gone.
He's gone!
Vector just came
and took him away!
The Barians
have him now.
Please, Kite,
we gotta get him back.
You gotta help me, Kite,
I'm beggin' you!
I need your help,
please, Kite.
Calm down.
Control yourself.
Sorry.
♪
This Number Vector gave to us
must have some special meaning.
♪
What?
It is some type of map.
(Cathy)
Yuma, open up!
(Bronk) Yuma!
(Flip) Hey, Yuma!
(Caswell)
Open up...
Come on, Yuma!
I can't believe Yuma's
shutting us out again!
That little rat.
♪
So wait, this Vector guy
who kidnapped Ray...
he's the same
Barian who controlled
Dr. Faker and Vetrix?
Yeah.
After I beat him in a duel.
I thought for sure
he was destroyed.
(Barian)
You will pay for this!
(Kite)
Well, you were wrong.
♪
And now it seems he's decided
to cause some more trouble.
Vector messed up my sister
and he's gonna pay!
I'll hunt him down
like the dog he is.
Sounds good, but how're
you going to find him?
These Barians aren't exactly
easy to keep track of.
Who cares!?
It's time for this
Vector guy to pay!
I'm gonna find him
and give him what he deserves!
A simple plan
from a simple mind.
Why don't you
shut your...
(beeping)
Master Kite, there's
big trouble!
There's a ginormous
gravitational force
directly above the tower!
It's the Barians.
♪
Whoa, check it out.
Now, that's what
I call freaky!
What is it!?
I saw that inside
your Golden Key.
But what's it doin'
parked on the roof?
Astral!
♪
I have determined
our destination.
Our what?
The Number Card
Vector left behind
after our recent
duel with him.
It became a key which
activated the airship.
It also generated
visual coordinates
of a specific location.
What kind of location?
My guess...
Barian World.
That's where
they're holding Ray?
I believe so.
Vector is telling us
to come to him
using this airship.
And it is reasonable
to assume
your friend will
be with him.
Ray...
Well, I say let's get
this show on the road.
Hold on.
This sounds way too easy.
Maybe, or maybe
you're scared.
What?!
Maybe you should hightail
it outta here, Kite!
Would you guys
cut it out!
Maybe it's a trap
and maybe it's not.
Either way we gotta
try to rescue Ray.
I agree.
The airship is
currently reenergizing.
We can depart
tomorrow morning.
(Bronk) Yuma!
(Caswell)
What's the big secret?!!
(Cathy) Yes, Yuma!
(Tori)
What's goin' on...
Yeah, Yuma, tell us!
Hey, at least tell us about
that gigantic airship!
Yeah, Yuma, what's it for?
I can't say!
I can't say we're
takin' the stupid ship
to go rescue Ray!
Later...
Gotta go!
♪
Come back here, Yuma!
Yuma!
♪
Oh, so you're
definitely going?
Yeah.
I just couldn't live with
myself if I didn't go.
I see.
He put you in
the hospital, Rio.
He's not getting
away with that.
I won't let him
get away with it.
Now it's finally
payback time!
If I didn't
know better...
I'd say you were
doing this for me.
Not a chance.
Yeah, right.
Well, I'm not gonna
let you have all the fun.
Wait, you're not coming!
You don't have a say!
I have to get ready now.
See ya later, Reginald!
♪
This is like the most delicious
thing I've ever eaten!
More grub for the schlub.
But, Yuma, I make this meal
at least once a week.
That's right...
and it's always great!
So, Kari, how are things
goin' with you?
Since when do you care?!
You're a hoot!
Let's loosen you up!
Thanks... maybe?
Sure... and Grandma
and Lillybot are next!
♪
Don't worry, Ray.
I have the cards
you gave me.
And I'll save
you with 'em.
Yuma?
Yeah, Astral?
I believe you realize
this already but...
this battle will be fierce.
Yeah, I know, Astral.
But I have to rescue Ray
no matter what.
That's why I
cannot lose this duel.
It's creepy, Grandma.
I mean, Yuma's acting
even weirder than usual.
And that kid's
pretty weird to begin with.
He's just like
your father.
Kazuma always acted
like Yuma's acting now...
whenever he was about to go
on one of his
dangerous adventures.
Dangerous adventures?
Oh, no, he's not!
Kari...
You can't stop
boys like Yuma.
All you can do is love them
and trust that they'll use
everything you taught
them to keep safe.
♪
Brother.
You're going,
aren't you?
You're going with
them to Barian World.
I am.
You're doing this
all for me?
It's not just
for you, Hart.
It's my battle.
I have my own reasons
for fighting it.
Let's promise.
You won't worry,
and I promise to come home.
It's a deal, Kite.
♪
(Grandma)
Yuma?
I, uh...
Dumbbell.
You forgot this.
What the huh...
You made me lunch?
Go, Yuma.
Numbskull, be careful.
Okay, I will.
You'd better be home
by dinnertime
or you're toast...
Okay?
Kari...
Yeah, I'll be here!
♪
Oh, hey, guys.
You got here
kind of early.
No, you're here
kind of late.
Good morning, Yuma.
Whoa, Shark's
baby sister?!
You're not goin'
with us, are ya?!
I'm not a baby anything!
And I'm coming along to
help you guys out.
Shark, is that okay?
Why should I pretend
I have a choice?
Hey, like they say
the more the merrier.
Yuma, the airship is
now ready for launch.
All right, let's do this!
Uh, does anybody know
how we get inside there?
(Astral)
Yes.
The Flash Transfer will convey
us to the command center.
Cool.
Hey, what the...
what are you guys doin' here?
(Cathy)
How dare you try
to leave me out!
Yeah, and me.
Excluding us from this
endeavor is an outrage!
Guys, I didn't say anything
because it's a dangerous...
We know that, but we wanna
help save Ray, too!
Ray's been a good
friend to all of us
and we need to be good
friends to Ray.
Okay then.
It is time.
♪
(Yuma) This is the cockpit?
This is awesome!
♪
Target coordinates confirmed.
We are ready for departure.
So that's Astral.
Launch sequence initiating.
All systems online.
Autonomous power contact.
All systems set for launch.
Yuma, you give the order.
Who, me!?
I guess you might as well
grab a little glory
while you can.
Can we please
get this thing going?
You can do it, Yuma.
I'll give it a try.
(Orbital 7)
Standing by to launch.
(Yuma)
4... 3... 2...
1... zero.
Let's go.
♪
We're doin' it!
Okay!
Dimensional portal open!
♪
Hang on! Dimensional
travel can be bumpy!
They're coming,
gentlemen.
Yuma Tsukumo and Astral
are coming!
♪
(Orbital 7)
On course for target
coordinates.
This ride's the awesomest.
It's smooth sailing.
It's so quiet.
Perhaps too quiet.
Hey, guys, I forgot to mention
-I brought snacks!
-Cool!
Lillybot packed some duel
fuel for me too, Tori!
Let's take a break
and all eat together!
Oh, great, now
we're on a picnic.
I hope grandma
made me a...
(alarm sounding)
♪
Hey, Rio...
what's happening here?
Unidentified objects on
the aircraft's starboard side.
Monsters?!
♪
They're on the port side too!
They're all over!
We're surrounded!
Shark and Kite, let's go!
I'll go too!
Don't forget me!
♪
Come on out,
Number 39: Utopia!
Appear, Galaxy-Eyes
Photon Dragon!
I summon Shark Drake!
Ice Beast Zerofyne...
Ice these guys!
♪
Come out, Tin Archduke!
Go, Utopia!
Attack with
Rising Sun Slash!
♪
(Kite) Go Photon Stream
of Destruction!
♪
(Rio)
Icicle Storm!
♪
We sure showed them!
-How strange.
-Huh?
They're not
putting up a fight.
So what are
they doing here?
♪
Master Kite!
-What is it?
-Big trouble!
A gigantic black hole and
we're headed straight for it!
But how...
♪
Yuma!
(Astral)
Yuma?
Yuma.
Yuma!
Are you all right, Yuma?
I think so.
Where are we?
I am not certain.
However it does not appear
to be Barian World.
What is this place?
I do not have
a good feeling.
(Vector)
Welcome...
to Sargasso!
I've been waiting for you,
Yuma Tsukumo.
Astral!
Vector!
Did you enjoy my little
reception party?
I should've known
you planned that!
Why have you
summoned us here?!
This is Sargasso,
a dimensional wasteland
and your final destination.
All right Vector,
where is Ray?!
You want to see
him that badly?
Well, here he is.
But I am afraid
he is... resting.
♪
Ray?
Ray, no, wake up!
♪
I said he's resting.
However, I failed to mention
his rest will be...
an eternal one.
♪
You're lying.
You're lying!
(laughing)
♪
Ray...
Ray!
♪
This can't be.
(Shark) Yuma.
(Dumon) So...
you are Reginald Kastle.
Who are you?
My name is Dumon.
The one who is about
to defeat you.
No, you're just the first
Barian I get to beat.
So bring it on,
you costumed freak!
♪
(Mizar)
It has been
a while, Kite.
♪
(Kite) Mizar.
Now we will prove
once and for all
which of us is the one
true Galaxy-eyes master.
That's fine
with me, Mizar!
Let's go!
Cheer up, Yuma.
You'll be joining your
little friend very soon.
You see, it's all
over for you too.
♪
I won't forgive you.
I won't forgive you
for this ever!
I swear that I'll
crush you, Vector!
Try.
Let's...
do this!
Duel Disk, go!
♪
Duel Gazer, let's roll!
-Let's duel!
You're goin down!
♪
Yuma!
My turn!
I draw!
I summon Goblindbergh!
And it's flying in
with a monster buddy!
♪
Come on out,
Ganbara Knight!
♪
Next, I'm gonna overlay
Level 4 Goblindbergh
and Ganbara Knight!
♪
With these two monsters,
I build the Overlay Network
and Xyz Summon
Number 39: Utopia!
♪
Oh, good.
I'll get rid of Utopia
right away.
You dirty...
Yuma!
Please control your rage
and remain calm!
I summon
Double Fin Shark!
♪
And since I now have a
Water monster on my field,
I can summon
Silent Angler!
♪
And when I use Double Fin
Shark to Xyz Summon,
it counts as two!
I overlay my two
Level 4 Double Fin Sharks
and Silent Angler!
♪
I Xyz Summon NUMBER 32:
Shark Drake!
♪
I'm summoning
Photon Thrasher!
I can summon this card when
there are no monsters
on my field!
Now I summon
Photon Delta Wing!
♪
I overlay Level 4
Photon Thrasher
and Photon Delta Wing!
I Xyz Summon Starliege
Lord Galaxion!
♪
Interesting...
You fool!
Sargasso The Different Dimension
Battlefield activates!
Say what?!
♪
Yuma!
What just happened!?
Something we may not conquer.
♪